Rollup branch for updating SEO for HCP Terraform (#796)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/docs/index.mdx

---

> page_title: Terraform documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
page_title: Terraform overview
```

Just a thought?

description: >-

>   Terraform enables you to provision infrastructure safely and efficiently. This documentation is for Terraform's ecosystem, including the Terraform CLI, HCP Terraform, and Terraform Enterprise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Terraform enables you to provision infrastructure safely and efficiently. Review Terraform's ecosystem and workflows, including the Terraform CLI, HCP Terraform, and Terraform Enterprise.
```

show_notification: false
---

> # Terraform documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Terraform overview
```
